I'm
playing with poker. I know, I'm trying to play.
Okay.
Why? What do y'all think I'm going to do? We know
what you're doing. I know. Okay, hold
up. Oh, that's me.
And there's
all these old chests, like treasure chests, but
it's all made of wood and everything. So Vanessa
Johnson there, To be...
That's pretty big. It's got a, I don't know. It
looks like an old cat house. It looks like. But it
seems like this old bathroom gill that I'm talking
about. And there is this rope, a noose rope, that it
just, you can just pull it and it'll just, you know,
flake, you know. And it's hanging over the top of
the hill. That's what you're talking about. Maybe
like a Heinemann's thing? Yeah. And so anyway,
these people from up in Minnesota came down to
Austin. It was all written up in paper, and they had
a big seance there. It'd be ghost callers, is what
they were, or ghost chasers. What are they called?
I don't know. Well, haven't you ever heard of them?
The people that go around? That's all they do. They
just take the fun out of it. And there were some from
New York and Minnesota. I mean, all these people
come down, and there were 12 of them. And they
stayed there, and they got around this old table,
and they had to stay on it. And this one lady was
supposed to have gotten possessed, you know, and
rose, you know, out and everything. And see, they
really do this. I don't think it's fake, either,
because there are so many weird things going on
over here. So we walked into the graveyard that
day, too, and everything. I was scared to death in
the house. It's just something that makes you feel
weird. I mean, even at daytime, you just go in there
and you just are scared. I mean, we were with boys
and everything, and those guys were scared. I
mean, it's okay. Like this one room, when you walk
in, okay, when you first walk in, everything's
about to be fine. And when you go to this room to the
left, you know, I mean, you just feel so weird when
you walk in there. It feels like somebody's just
looking at you like this, you know, and you're just
kind of like... Anyway, I went up to the graveyard,
and this wasn't anything, but you know how to bury
somebody with a passable thing in their pocket? We
were sitting there, and I was going to poke it. This
scared me to death. I was going to put the stick down
there, and it seemed to have this rod or a needle
around it, so I had to lean over it. John Marshall's
grave. Has it been dead a long time or something?
Yeah, it's 17-something. It's an old graveyard. I
mean, the most recent grave is 1893, I think. And it
was this little baby that was three years old. And
so I was going to reach over this broad-armed fence
here, you know, and I was going to put that stick
down there, and I pumped it in there, and it just
dropped. And I was like, oh! I thought somebody
grabbed it and everything and scared me. And then
all of a sudden, I guess it's because I leaned on the
fence, but that gate, that one grave is opened up
like that, you know? And I was like, oh, shit,
y'all. We're going to haul an ass down off that
hill. But, like, there have been a lot of weird
things that have happened here. How far is that?
How far is that? Oh, they're back? Okay, when y'all
come home, we'll go down there and see it. But like,
there's a, they're building a styrofoam house
somewhere around here. Yeah, it looks like a big
cave. We ought to go home with Jackie.
Oh, wow. But, um, oh, there's a lot of things to do.
Wow. But like, uh, well we were talking about going
to Redos and stuff,
you know. Yeah, well, I mean, sometimes, really, I
would go there in the morning just to wait. Yeah.
Well, anyway, uh, well, Rick and them come down
there too. Yeah, I know. Yeah. And so, uh, I told my
mother about you and everything. And so, I just
told her that I liked her a lot and that I loved her
and stuff. And so, she was always there. Yeah. I
said, okay, she's a different story. No, she's
not. I didn't. So, anyway. Tell my mother what you
said about, I'm going to go in there and
masturbate. No. I really thought I'd let her get
run over. So, anyway. This man, Mr. Johnson,
Vanessa's daddy, they used to have this really
friendly thing. He stopped me for a while. He lived
on that monster ranch. There's no house in there.
It's an old shack, too. It's not that hard to do. And
so... Anyway, Tim had gone out coming home. No way.
Really, y'all. It's 1 o'clock in the afternoon. 1
o'clock in the afternoon. Yeah.
She never talks to me. Feel my heart. Feel my heart.
She goes like this. Feel my heart. God, Jim, that's
scarier than I'll ever do. If you weren't going to
hear it, I wouldn't ever walk up to my face and
scream, because I guarantee
y'all would. I get scared as shit here at 1 o'clock.
You ought to see me at 12 o'clock. I decided I don't
like the cat poster. It looks scary. So one time I
was bogey-sitting with a weaver and a black cat. He
watched real life at 2 o'clock and the kids got in
the bed and that cat just kicked. Here's how
superstitious I am. We were in El Dorado, and Jan
and I were going home. Where Tim lives, it goes off
this road, and you make a circle and go back out. A
goddamn black cat ran right across the road. I
turned around. I wouldn't go across with that
black cat. I turned around. I just slammed him.
You're supposed to turn around and spit over your
left shoulder three times. But listen, see if it
crosses your path. And see if that wasn't going to
be my goddamn path. I was driving home, you know, in
my mother's car. And so I just turned, I just landed
on my brake and just turned around. I went across
the curb and everything. Just turned around and
went out through the red circle. But like, Tim
Johnson's gone at 2 o'clock. And he was supposed to
be back by 10 o'clock. Okay, he never did come back,
you know. It's lighter and lighter. And Mr.
Johnson was sitting under by their pool. And he
would just sit under it. They had this swing, you
know. And Austin, he saw a dog. And the dog had been
dead for five years. That's what he told us. And
see, this is so true. He saw a dog? Dog, yeah. And he
goes, yeah, he goes, hey, Ed, old Tim is hurt. And
Mr. Johnson was just sitting there like this, he
said. And see, this has to be true, I believe,
because see, Kim twisted his ankle real bad and
couldn't walk. He was out in the woods, and he goes,
dog? And he goes, yeah. And he goes, what'd you say?
And he goes, Kim's hurt. And he's out there. I don't
like it either,
but
I
love it. Here, I'll tell you about another thing
I've heard about. Dottie Miller's daddy died. Her
daddy died, let's see. You were telling us this in
the speech, weren't you? Yeah. Her daddy died when
she was a sophomore. And they had to come to school.
They had had a heart attack. And he was getting
ready to come home from
the hospital and everything. And he was getting
all dressed. And her mother worked. She couldn't
go pick her up. And while he was getting dressed and
everything, he had another heart attack and died.
So they had to take him to the office and tell her
everything. She didn't get her prize. She didn't
believe it. Exactly
one year later, on the day that he died, he always
used to pull his rocking chair up, sit in front of
the TV and watch it. So that night, Dottie had a
dream. Her daddy came in. And her mom and everybody
was all sitting around in the living room. Her
daddy had a little trip. They walked in, you know,
and there was her daddy sitting there in his
rocking chair, watching the TV and everything off
the way. He goes, oh, they let me out on good time and
everything. And they visited me after everybody
was and everything. And, you know, he was just
joking around. He said, they let me out on good
time. And he says, well, I've got to get back now, so
I'll see y'all later. And so, you know, he got a few
laughs. And that next morning, Dottie got up. She
was in the living room. The rocking chair was cool.
It was the TV. And the TV was on. It was all white. You
know, it wasn't anything on yet. And she went over
there and sat on the couch. And her mom walked in.
You saw that? And her mom had the same dream that
night, too. Look at my arms. I know. It gives me the
back of kids' bones, too. Oh, my eyes are watering.
I don't even need to tell you. What was that other
girl telling us about? Because it was a girl that
had made a speech about guys. remember
that boy should
have heard some of the stories we heard coming back
from six days when I was in the bus there was just
about six there was I guess four buses but you know
on our bus we had the best bus we did we had a good bus
there was about six or seven of us that stayed awake
and Jeff and I were sitting there real quick, just
going like that. Y'all, I get scared so easily.
See, that's hard to believe it, that, see what,
they thought they dreamed it, but I didn't really
get it happening. Y'all ever read one of those
fight magazines? In the Exodus, they say, in the
Exodus,
they
say,
Anyway, I was going to tell this other story. This
is Dottie. She's got Dottie's hand in there. And
they brought this house up. See, Dottie's from New
York. Anyway, they brought this house up to New
York. And it was just kind of this old house, you
know, and everything. And, like, you think I know.
Okay. Like, you could stand anywhere in this room.
but like when you got right over by this fireplace
you just breathe the cobalt but you know it would
never get warm up it's right there by the fireplace
like here's the fireplace in that corner where the
rocks came out like that and it'd be real cold it was
all rock the whole wall was and so like they were
going to take like they take pictures and uh there
was a pic it always be a picture of a mix somebody
hanging behind them just kind of a secret picture
you know Like it'd be the family picture, you know,
and all of a sudden the body just hanging back there
behind them. And they thought, they got real mad at
the photographer and they tried to follow suit
with them. And so, um... I'm trying to think what
happened. Okay. And so, um... Anyway... There was
a fire in the house. Oh, and like, you know, it's
going to be at night. You know, you can hear
something. It sounded like somebody kind of
crying. Jeremy, I don't know. And so we're telling
this story. And so like, you know, it sounded like
you could hear somebody crying, kind of in their
room, just kind of weeping. But, you know, they
thought it was just the wind and everything. Okay,
the house caught on fire and burnt down. And that
whole house burnt down except for that one room.
And, um, So they decided
to just... These are true stories that we're
telling, you know, that we know. And I go, ah! And I
jump down there, and I jump with Jackie. So anyway,
the whole house burnt down except for that one
room. And that one thing that's left in that room.
And so anyway, they decided to tear down the rest of
it and just build a new house in that same place. And
then they knocked down that fireplace. There was a
skeleton whose body, you know, back there had
been, the rocks had been built around it. The
fireplace had been built around that. Oh, and that
wall there? Yeah. I've heard some stories. Oh,
what was it called? Green. Dottie's got those
pictures. Although, that body hanging
behind their family. Isn't that gross? What was he
kind of father?
You can test it if you like. You can test it if you
like. It kind of makes you kind of want to... She can
scare
you
like
you would blow. She can feel emotional. That's
what it was telling us on the way back. It was like,
God, what, oh, God. It was like, what? Well, I'll
tell you something that happened to my mother,
too. See, like, I can probably tell you this one,
too, about my uncle who died. My godfather. Well,
see, um, it's my grandfather's best friend, and,
like, they always used to play around, John. And,
like, oh, his name was, you know, Gordon. Houston.
Gordon used to call him Chief Tony. Tony was a man
and Chief was a lady. And so, anyway, uh... You
know, they were getting kind of old and
everything. Like, him and Papa used to play tricks
on each other all the time. My grandfather, I never
know my grandfather, but this is what I heard. And
so he always used to play tricks on Mom when she was
little. And on all of his kids, he always did. And so
he was getting kind of old and everything, and he
wouldn't do it until he was in trouble. And he said,
I just want to come back to the ranch just one more
time. You know, so he came out to the ranch on a
Sunday. They drove down to Houston. And he just
walked all over the pasture by himself, you know,
with the dogs, our dogs and stuff, and everything.
And he went, you know. Your grandfather, your
godfather? No, his man, my godfather. Yeah, my
grandfather's been dead a long time, about 21, 22
years. He walked
around the past year saying, you know, he just sat
around. He brought my brothers all these Spanish
books and everything, how to talk Spanish and all
this kind of junk. So mama put them up on the
bookshelf in our den. So they left on Wednesday.
And the next Wednesday, And mom said, and this is
where we even knew it. We were sitting there
watching TV, wouldn't you know? And we were just
kind of sitting there, and these books were
leaning this way against the bookshelf. And all of
a sudden, one just fell like this, and another one
fell like that. And all five of those books fell
over to the other side when they were leaning off
there. You mean they just fall back that way, they
fell completely to the other side? Yeah, they were
leaning up against, like here's how the shelf
fell. Like they were leaning to the left, and they
fell to the right. Yeah, they were leaning, yeah.
That's what they did. And so, anyway... We didn't,
Mom thought, you know, maybe just wind or
something outside, you know, or, you know, the
grand me or something. And so... And then she went
up to her room, you know, and all of a sudden, this
was last year. And all of a sudden, like, her
makeup, she pulled out her makeup drawer, and all
the things just kind of shuffled around in there.
And she goes, you know, what is this? And all of a
sudden, the telephone rang, and my grandmother
ended up telling me to die. And, you know, it's 8
o'clock at night, and this all happened between
8.30 and 10 o'clock. And it's all that stuff that
you guys have been moving around. And he always
played tricks on Mama. And Mama said that she
thought that
he was playing one nice trick on her before she
left. Y'all, Colleen! And I... Hey! Fuck! She
judged my laugh a minute ago. Did you ever see it?
Tonight at 4 o'clock in Springfield Road, 1, 2, 3,
8, 9. When I come in, I'm going to go, wow. Did you see
the answers this year? Y'all should have seen it.
Don't you talk about it. No one ever knows about it.
I wish I could remember some of those names he told
us. Y'all, what was something? Any of y'all seen
the last house in the lab? No, but I heard that was
gross. Oh, I heard it was so gross when he chased
that girl out with that knife and just got her at the
asshole and slit her all the way in the back. Sure.
Because she's naked. And some of them would come
and see the house. And her mother saw that girl's
necklace on that other girl and got to wondering
what would happen. And so she got that man to go
outside that was crazy and to kill her. She goes, I
bet you can even do it with your hands tied behind
your back. And he goes, I can do it anyway. So she
goes, let's see. So she got his tie and tied his
hands behind his back. So then she started, you
know, giving him blowjobs, oral sex. And so she's
sitting there. And all of a sudden, she just spits
his dick off. She just goes, ah! And he just goes,
ah! And everybody started running out there. And
y'all just started seeing you. Did y'all see y'all
look in the basement? God, that was scary. Did
y'all ever watch that movie that used to come on
Halloween, Whatever Happened to Baby Jane? No,
I've never heard of it. Oh, where she's dead,
sitting in the rocking chair at the lab. She used to
be a tap dancer or something. Yeah, yeah. Y'all,
that was gross. I thought, uh-uh. I can't
remember. I've heard real, it depends on people. I
saw that. I don't know, when I was a little baby, I
used to go to my grandmother's. And Alfred
Hitchcock would be on. Y'all, when I'd see him go,
just with his shadow, you know, when he'd walk off,
I'd get up, or the Twilight Zone. You know, you used
to get scary music at the front. That scary music in
the front would scare the shit out of me. I couldn't
even watch the movie. I'd go to bed and be scared to
death. What was the one with the roller coaster?
Oh, I'm trying to think. We used to watch it. It came
out about Friday night. It was just a carnival.
There wasn't anybody there. What did it do?
Journey to the Center of the Unknown. Yeah,
Journey to the Unknown. What was it about? Oh, it
was different. It was scary. I remember one time I
was in that theater and we watched that. I remember
the Twilight Zone. I remember one of Rod Sterling
and one of something, it was something about this
mirror. I don't even know who it was. I was really
little and I went to see him. And there was a mirror?
No. What? I saw myself in the mirror. And New York's
where they saw the New York girls. They saw their
mother Mary appear in the room. And they thought
that was a, it was just a, what about that big is all
it was. Because it was in front of the mirror. They
looked. They tried to watch. I don't know. There's
actually some scary stories that happen around
there. They've got a real old family. You know, it
goes way back. Well, everybody's family goes way
back. Some people just don't know about their
family. Like, I don't know. I don't know any of my
relatives. My daddy's got a family. My aunt did. I
know my great-great-grandmother had ten sets of
twins. That's pretty damn scary, if you ask me. I
told my parents that they wouldn't believe it.
What? I said... No, she really did have 10 sets of
twins. What'd they say? Oh, that's not true. And
you know that's the only record of twins we have in
our family? She had 10 sets of twins. 20 kids? She
had 24 kids. That's way back there.
Saran wrap.
Honey, I'm in heat. You want to have another one? I
could be just like dogs.
Y'all, how come dogs get pregnant during their
periods? And people come? It's not really... It's
when there's heat on top of the canyon. Yeah, but
they bleed. Yeah, I know. It's like a menstrual
period. But I mean, there's dogs that are trying
to, oh, howling all out loud. They co-coast
their... Oh, howl all the time. Y'all, have you
ever had one over the holidays? That's what... Oh,
that's funny. Oh, don't you know that hurt? That
makes my baby feet long. I'll make more
recordings.
Testing one, two, three.
everything
that
i got
is
¶¶
I'm
loving you
Everything
that I've done is just what I've done. I ain't got it
now. I ain't got it now. I ain't got it now.
And
the rhythm is on me. And the rhythm is where I'm at.
We
hit it right.
Fuck you.
Not really.
I
said,
yeah,
she's not sitting on it now.
Drinking
tea. Drinking tea. Drinking tea. I said Jeffrey
didn't get back till 2 o'clock. He said this
morning. I said, no, this afternoon. This
afternoon? He said, where was she? I said, over at
the Wilkinson. I said, what do you think she was? I
said, nobody in their right mind is going to stick
around their house for that long.
I don't know what I'm going to do this summer. Well,
I'm not taking this for anybody else. I am,
Jennifer. I am going to go insane. It's a good thing
I'm working all day.
Jennifer, I've been talking about that tonight.
What'd she say?
What'd you say? I mean, what'd she say?
I think we approached the Tate.
See how much business I can get. And if that worked
at all, I can't probably go into that. Now, I told
him that probably I would get an apartment now and
work in the bank now. And Mother goes, she goes,
well, I just heard you planning on having a
property with us. And I said, well, since Jim was
getting married, I imagine it would be.
I've always
wanted
you,
but never had
you. Thank
you.
Thank
I've
been down the
line,
but there ain't never been a second time. Cause I
really had my life all together till your eyes were
blind. And there are stories you hear in the
people's dreams. I've been down the line. Thank
you.
Thank
.
I am drunk. And I'm... Let's record now, since I'm
drunk. What can we say? It's a cop! Look, look,
look! See the poppin' light? Not poppin', but...
Hey! Fuck you, cop! You're in a car. Chop steak.
That's soybean shit.
Oh, baby, I love you, baby. Y'all, come on, I ain't
drunk. Let's go party. I'm in a good mood. I'm in a
good mood. Come on, that's okay. We'll cut him.
We'll cut him. I'll cut him. Shit, I'll cut him on
the first day. I'll cut him every day. But I've
got... Hell, I'll fuck you out. I don't give a fuck.
I don't give a flying fuck. That's a new saying,
flying fuck. I've got sociology and English
tomorrow. I've got English and P.E. Oh, baby,
oh, baby. Does this sound recorded in the car?
I'm not wasting it. Hell, I'm wasting it. Oh, hell,
I'm glad I saw your daddy. I had a friend meet me now.
I didn't make him move out. Beef and bun. I'd rather
have bun. Oh, man. Let's stop by Weiner's and get
you to pick up the rest.
That wasn't very funny. This makes
me feel
good. I'm hungry as shit. I'm not hungry. I just
wanna go and have a good time. You're
swallowing yourself. I ain't gonna swallow my own
tongue. I'm epileptic. Can you imagine somebody
rolled
over side of
you? Oh, my God. Yeah, this makes me feel real
dizzy. I feel like I'm going to throw up. Jane.
You're almost not even up now, are you? Hey,
y'all, let's go get a winter snitchel. Let's go
back. I don't want to go upstairs and get Sherry's
ID. OK, let's go get Sherry's ID first. Fuck, man, I
don't want to get the ID. I will not. Y'all, let's go
to Blue Diamond Town to open that. Hell, I'll sing
for y'all. You're a cheatin' whore. We'll tell on
you. You're a cheatin' whore. Here, man, gas it,
baby. Here. We can go cough. We can pass them all.
Turn,
turn, Kay. Turn. Woo!
Hey, turn off your goddamn heater. I'm about to
have a kissy fit. Instant orgasm. I'm hot, baby.
Let's go to a milkshake at a corn dog. Let me tell
him. Hey, I want to tell him. I'll tell him. I'll
tell him. I'll tell him. I'll tell him. I'll tell
him. I'll tell him. She wants a milkshake at a
goddamn corn dog. I want three corn dogs and a large
order of french fries and a... Are you hungry? Yes,
I'm hungry. Order a dick. Do y'all have things in
your weenies? And a medium Dr. Pepper.
And a good-looking guy
with a big dick. I'm sure it came undone again. It's
stinking. Hey, I'm going to light me up. Just give
me the money for yours, and I'll pay for it. I'll
give you some change. Hey, y'all, this is about to
run out. I hate to tell you so, but it is. Thank you.
Thank you. Where's the guy?
Is he in
the sack? Shut up. Thank you. OK. Come back again
when you're honey. What do y'all mean, cutting out
the lights in our face?
Hey, we're the last customers tonight. What a
privilege. Hey, take it out of here. I think I'm
feeling rather perturbed.
Lee, what are they making? Oh,
I just burnt my knee off.
Did we get the sack? Huh? Hey, we didn't get our
other
stuff yet. Oh, OK. OK. Tell her I want a straw.
She'll eat it all. That's OK. Tell her I want a
straw, damn it. Can we have a straw, please? Her
gladiola towel roller? She wants to clean herself
out. Thank you. I didn't think we were all drunk.
Hell, nobody's drunk. I got short fingernails. I
wonder why I bought them. Let's go to Pizza Inn and
order some large pizza and throw up. Special. Long
John Silver's. I bet he's got a Long John Silver. A
Long Silver John. A Long John, baby.
Drop something. Y'all, next time I see this car
coming, they're going to... They're just like,
close the windows, baby. I
think I've got cancer. That girl's looking at me
like she's pissed off. I wonder why.
I'm having a marvelous time tonight.
Just thinking about it makes you hungry.